[SVLS-7025] improve AAS documentation (#30014)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/azure_app_services/azure_app_services_container.md

{{% tab "PHP" %}}
#### Tracing
Instrument your main application with the `dd-trace-php` library. See [Tracing PHP applications][601] for instructions.

#### Metrics
Custom metrics are also collected through the tracer. See the [code examples][602].

#### Logs
The Datadog sidecar uses file tailing to collect logs. Datadog recommends writing application logs to `/home/LogFiles/` because this directory is persisted across restarts. 

You can also create a subdirectory, such as `/home/LogFiles/myapp`, if you want more control over what is sent to Datadog. However, if you do not tail all log files in `/home/LogFiles`, then Azure App Service application logs related to startups and errors are not collected.

To set up logging in your application, see [Node.js Log Collection][603]. To set up trace log correlation, see [Correlating Node.js Logs and Traces][604].

[601]: /tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/dd_libraries/php/#getting-started
[602]: /metrics/custom_metrics/dogstatsd_metrics_submission/?code-lang=php#code-examples
[603]: /logs/log_collection/php/
[604]: /tracing/other_telemetry/connect_logs_and_traces/php
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Instrumentation

> Instrumentation is done through a sidecar container that runs alongside your main application container. This sidecar container collects traces, metrics, and logs from your main application container and sends them to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instrumentation is done using a sidecar container. This sidecar container collects traces, metrics, and logs from your main application container and sends them to Datadog.
```

Reviewer: since it's a sidecar, I suggest that "that runs alongside your main application container" is unnecessary.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Automated" %}}

#### Using the Datadog CLI

> First, install the [Datadog CLI][601] and [Azure CLI][602].

Reviewer: the other tabs on the page use numbered steps but this one doesn't. I don't think it's crucial, but just pointing out it's a little inconsistent.
